# BwpFlow
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**cir** | [**Integer**](integer.md) | Attribute represents Committed Information Rate. When added to unused committed bandwidth provided from higher-ranked Bandwidth Profile Flows (depending on the value of CF for the higher-ranked Bandwidth Profile Flows), limits the average rate in bits per second at which Service Frames for this Bandwidth Profile Flow can be declared Green. | [optional] [default to null]
**cirMax** | [**Integer**](integer.md) | Attribute represents Maximum Committed Information Rate. Limits the average rate in bits per second at which Service Frames for this Bandwidth Profile Flow can be declared Green (regardless of unused committed bandwidth from higher ranked Bandwidth Profile Flows). | [optional] [default to null]
**cbs** | [**Integer**](integer.md) | Attribute represents Committed Burst Size. Limits by how much, and for how long, the amount of traffic declared Green for this Bandwidth Profile Flow in the short term can exceed the committed bandwidth made available to this Band-width Profile Flow over the long term in bytes. | [optional] [default to null]
**eir** | [**Integer**](integer.md) | Attribute represents Excess Information Rate. When added to unused excess bandwidth from higher-ranked Bandwidth Profile Flows, and to un- used committed bandwidth* (depending on the value of CF for this Bandwidth Profile Flow and CF0 for the Envelope), limits the average rate in bits per second at which Service Frames for this Bandwidth Pro- file Flow can be declared Yellow.  | [optional] [default to null]
**eirMax** | [**Integer**](integer.md) | Attribute represents Maximum Excess Information Rate. Limits the average rate in bits per second at which Service Frames for this Bandwidth Profile Flow can be declared Yellow (regardless of unused excess bandwidth from higher-ranked Bandwidth Profile Flows or unused committed bandwidth). | [optional] [default to null]
**ebs** | [**Integer**](integer.md) | Attribute represents Excess Burst Size. Limits by how much, and for how long, the amount of traffic declared Yellow for this Bandwidth Profile Flow in the short term can exceed the excess band- width made available to this Bandwidth Profile Flow over the long term. | [optional] [default to null]
**couplingFlag** | [**Boolean**](boolean.md) | Attribute represents coupling flag. Determines whether unused committed bandwidth for this Bandwidth Profile Flow is made available as excess bandwidth for this Bandwidth Profile Flow or as commit-ted bandwidth for the next lower-ranked Bandwidth Profile Flow. 0/FALSE means overflow green tokens are used as green tokens in the next lowest BWP Flow in the Envelope. 1/TRUE means they are used as yellow tokens for this BWP Flow. | [optional] [default to null]
**colorMode** | [**ColorMode**](ColorMode.md) | Attribute represents color mode. Indicates whether Service Frames for this Band-width Profile Flow that are identified as Yellow on input to the Bandwidth Profile Algorithm can be declared Green or not.  | [optional] [default to null]
**envelopeId** | [**String**](string.md) | This attribute identifies the Envelope that the Bandwidth Profile belongs to. | [optional] [default to null]
**envelopeRank** | [**Integer**](integer.md) | This attribute denotes the rank of the bandwidth profile flow in the envelope. | [optional] [default to null]
**tokenRequestOffset** | [**Integer**](integer.md) | Attribute represents Token Request Off-set. Adjusts the bandwidth consumed by each Service Frame in the Bandwidth Profile Flow relative to the length of the Service Frame. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

