# CarrierEthernetUni
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**maximumNumberOfEndPoints** | [**Integer**](integer.md) | An integer greater than or equal to 1 that limits the number of EVC End Points that can be located at the UNI. Reference MEF 10.4 Section 9.9 Subscriber UNI Maximum Number of EVC EPs Service Attribute. The maximum number of OVC End Points that the Operator CEN can support at the UNI.  Reference MEF 26.2 Section 14.10 Operator UNI Maximum Number of OVC End Points Service Attribute. | [optional] [default to null]
**maxNumOfCtagVlanIdsPerEndPoint** | [**Integer**](integer.md) | An integer greater than or equal to 1 that limits the number of C-Tag VLAN IDs that can map to each EVC End Point. Reference MEF 10.4 Section 9.10 Subscriber UNI Maximum Number of C-Tag VLAN IDs per EVC EP Service Attribute. The maximum number of CE-VLAN ID values that can be mapped to an OVC End Point by the Operator CEN at the UNI. Reference MEF 26.2 Section 14.11 Operator UNI Maximum Number of CE-VLAN IDs per OVC End Point Service Attribute. | [optional] [default to null]
**tokenShare** | [**EnabledDisabled**](EnabledDisabled.md) | An attribute that indicates whether Band-width Profile Envelopes containing more than one Bandwidth Profile Flow are supported by the Service Provider at the Subscriber UNI or Operator UNI. Reference MEF 10.4 Section 9.11 Subscriber UNI Token Share Service Attribute or MEF 26.2 Section 14.18 Operator UNI Token Share Service Attribute. | [optional] [default to null]
**envelopes** | [**List**](Envelope.md) | The Envelopes and Envelope Coupling Flag values to which Bandwidth Profile Flows can be mapped. Reference MEF 10.4 Section 9.12 Sub-scriber UNI Envelopes Service Attribute and MEF 26.2 Section 14.19 Operator UNI Envelopes Service Attribute. | [optional] [default to null]
**l2cpAddressSet** | [**L2cpAddressSet**](L2cpAddressSet.md) | L2CP Address Set Service Attribute is defined in MEF 45.1. Reference MEF 10.4 Section 9.16 Subscriber UNI L2CP Address Set Ser-vice Attribute and MEF 26.2 Section 14.20 Operator UNI L2CP Address Set Service Attribute. | [optional] [default to null]
**admininstrativeState** | [**AdminState**](AdminState.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**operationalState** | [**OperationalState**](OperationalState.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**externalInterfaceframeFormat** | [**EthernetFrameFormat**](EthernetFrameFormat.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**linkOam** | [**EnabledDisabled**](EnabledDisabled.md) | Controls when and how Link OAM per IEEE Std 802.3-2015 is run on the physi-cal links in the External Interface. Refer-ence MEF 10.4 Section 9.13 Subscriber UNI Link OAM Service Attribute, MEF 26.2 Section 9.9 ENNI Link OAM Common Attribute and MEF 26.2 Section 14.14 Operator UNI Link OAM Service Attribute. | [optional] [default to null]
**l2cpPeering** | [**List**](L2cpPeering.md) | Specifies the Layer 2 Control Protocols that are peered at the EI, as described in MEF 45.1. Reference MEF 10.4 Section 9.17 Subscriber UNI L2CP Peering Service Attribute, MEF 26.2 Section 10.1 ENNI L2CP Peering Multilateral Attribute.  L2CP Peering applied to UNI and MEF 26.2 Section 14.21 Operator UNI L2CP Peering Service Attribute. | [optional] [default to null]
**lagLinkMeg** | [**EnabledDisabled**](EnabledDisabled.md) | Indicates whether a LAG link MEG is instantiated on each physical link in the EI, if the EI has more than one physical link. Reference MEF 10.4 Section 9.15 Subscriber UNI LAG Link MEG Service Attribute, MEF 26.2 Section 9.8 ENNI LAG Link MEG Common Attribute and MEF 26.2 Section 14.16 Operator UNI LAG Link MEG Service Attribute. | [optional] [default to null]
**meg** | [**EnabledDisabled**](EnabledDisabled.md) | Indicates whether a MEP is instantiated at the EI for the UNI MEG or ENNI MEG. Reference MEF 10.4 Section 9.14 Sub-scriber UNI MEG Service Attribute, MEF 26.2 Section 9.7 ENNI MEG Common Attribute and MEF 26.2 Section 14.15 Operator UNI MEG Service Attribute. | [optional] [default to null]
**aggregationLinkMap** | [**List**](ConversationIdToAggregationLinkMap.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**maximumFrameSize** | [**Integer**](integer.md) | Specifies the maximum size of EI Frames that can be transmitted across EI. Reference MEF 10.4 Section 9.8 Subscriber UNI Maximum Service Frame Size Service Attribute. Reference MEF 26.2 Section 14.8 Operator UNI Maximum Service Frame Size Service Attribute. Reference MEF 26.2 Section 10.3 ENNI Maximum Frame Size Multilateral Attribute. | [optional] [default to null]
**linkAggregation** | [**LinkAggregation**](LinkAggregation.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

